very good
the buttermilk or buttermilk is a
ingredient that we usually find in
many American recipes of biscuits and
cupcakes serves to give more
fluffiness and improve the taste of
our elaborations the buttermilk is
an acid product that is obtained at
treat skimmed or semi- skimmed milk
with a culture that produces an acid
lactic was originally obtained at
beat the cream to transform it into
butter hence its name and although
it is becoming easier to find it in
some supermarkets is very simple and
economic do it at home we need
250 milliliters of semi-skimmed milk and
skimmed milk and 20 milliliters of juice
lemon
all we have to do is
mix milk
with lemon juice
and let it stand for ten minutes
room temperature
after resting the milk seems that
It has been cut and it is a bit more
tense as if it were yogurt but not so
thick
you see and we have it ready to use
before using it we remove it a little
can be stored in the fridge for a few days
but you 've already seen that with the easy
what to do is not worth doing
amount to have it saved
I hope you liked it and that it served
of help as always I leave you all
ingredients in the cooked and or dotcom
You can also visit us at
our facebook page and twitter
thank you very much everyone for being there
and until the next video chao